---
title: My destination is so vivid but I'll enjoy the trip
date: '2019-01-06T09:30:03.284Z'
---

One of the methods that is touted for success is the vision board but mine is vividly in my mind. Just finished listening to a [James Altucher](https://jamesaltucher.com/) with guest David Goggins which my wife urged me to listen too and it was actually very powerful. Now, I already had the vision in my mind and everyday I tell my wife that we are going to live the dream life we want, I just know it, but on listening to [David Goggins](https://davidgoggins.com/), he really spoke to having the mental toughness to deal with the struggles in life as he had a very hard childhood but ultimately went to become a Navy Seal, run 100 mile marathan and write a book. I'm completely about taking accountability for my own successes and failures and ultimately it's no one else by my own mind that will stop or push me to that next hurdle. I don't like to say finish line because that says there is an end which in life there really is only one end but until then I got to strive to be a better husband, son, brother, and man. 

Currently I am looking for my next goal which is graduating college and it was a thought that 11 years ago when I dropped out, I never thought I'd say. I honestly believed I would never return to school but with a clear mind and discipline I return and know that in less than 2 years I will accomplish what I thought was impossible. Then onto Master's and possibly PhD but in between is where the growth will happen. I'll definitely take in all the learning I can while in school and it's no different then what I was already doing, studying every night something about web development not related to school but just my profession. 

I'm not a writer, but maybe I can look back at this in 1 year and then 2 years after I have graduated and see how accurate the image of graduating was. For now I'll continue learning in school and on my own but the discipline will be my tool and it doesn't just apply to me, I told my wife I would do one thing for me and one for her. For me was waking up early, running and for her it was making sure dishes are always washed. Now it's only been 4 days but starting with one thing, it has already cascaded into other areas like making the bed in the morning as opposed to after I get home from work. David Goggins really highlighted that in being disciplined within yourself, you'll be a lot more prepared to deal with the struggles of the world and of course this is different for everyone but for me, this is perfect. Apparently my furry son knows about this as he has made it a habit to jump on me right after eating in the morning and attacking my face to wake me up which I appreciate.

Something I did not expect was that with getting the necessesary chores out the way fast, I have extra time and to be honest, a little perplexed with that extra time. My furry son has already asked if I can use it to play with him which I have obliged. 